The King of Songs of Kowloon Group has arrived
All things are prosperous
Lord Zhilong is here
That's great, godfather, you're here
Who are they?
Why don't you kneel when you see the old man?
Godfather, someone bullies me
You must call the shots for me
Who dares to seek death and bully my goddaughter?
It's these two people who don't kneel when they see you
Who are they?
One is Jiang Binyao, the eldest lady of the Beidu Jiang family
One is the wife of the Li family in Yuncheng
Also my ex-fiancé who I just dumped
Ex-fiancé who just dumped
Aren't you getting married today?
How come?
It's not over.
knot
I just don't think he deserves it anymore
Who is it?
Li Family Second Young Master Li Tang Group Party Relatives Admit
Godfather, take care of me more.
The mouth is quite sweet
Well, in the future, I will drink proud water and respect you well.
OK
You are from the Beidu Jiang family
What's the point?
Although the Jiang family is rich and powerful in Beidu
It's a duke
But compared with our Kowloon Group
The difference is not a little bit
Keep a low profile in front of me in the future
Otherwise, it will kill you in the snap of your fingers.